2 commits, an initial translation of c00/30/04->14 and an extra adding sounds as per indication. planning to use dupe tool after this (#63)
IllusionMods/HS2-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c00/30/05/1/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Honey Select 2 v1.1.3 by Text Dump v1.4.1
//
覗かれるのは構いませんが、あまり楽しくないのでは？=I don't mind you peeking, but I doubt there's anything enjoyable.

> 責めるつもりはございません。ただ一つ申し上げますと、気づかれずにしていただけると有難いです。=I won't blame you. However, I would appreciate it if you tried to stay unnoticed next time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
責めるつもりはございません。ただ一つ申し上げますと、気づかれずにしていただけると有難いです。=I won't judge you. However, I'd prefer if you stay hidden next time.
```

やはり覗きに来られていたのですね。私のお手洗いは扇情的でしたか？=I knew you'd come peek. Was it sensational? 
低俗なことをされますね。=Such a vulgar thing to do.

> あなたが覗かれていると踏んで、少々大胆に放尿していたのですがお気づきになられたでしょうか？=I expected you would peek, so I was a bit daring in my urination. 

Reviewer: She's actually asking, so maybe

```suggestion
あなたが覗かれていると踏んで、少々大胆に放尿していたのですがお気づきになられたでしょうか？=Did you notice I was a bit daring while peeing, because I thought you watching?
```
